---
layout: post
title: "Logan's Hotdogs!"
permalink: https://allegheny-college-cmpsc-105-spring-2024.github.io/resto-greer01/
nav: true
---
I'm your average fan of a tasty hot dog and french fries, but when it comes to Logan's Hotdogs I can't get enough. To start off, the location of this restaurant is spectacular, right on the beach where you'd expect Japanese Steak House. When I walked up I already had suscpision that this wasn't going to be your normal hot dog restuarant, and I was right. The service was great, I even got to meet the owner Logan, seems like a great guy. Another bonus of this resturaunt's set up is that you could view the chef cooking your hotdog on the grill for slight entertainment. Regarding the food I don't know where to start. Only items on the menu are hotdogs and french fries, yet I am about to crtique it as if it was a steak from how delicious they were. The bun was grilled to have a crisp shell, but a warm mauluable inside. The dogs were served with beautiful charred marks, and for the first time ever I felt like the hotdog I was eating wasn't processed. However, I would prefer not to find out the truth on that one. Logan's Hotdogs also had an impressive selection of condiments. The curveball this restuaraunt offered was there house-made chili and cheese, and keeping on par with the other items it hit the spot. Last notible fauture of Logan's hotdog is the name of the street it is on. When I was talking to the owner he described how this street only has local restuarants on it, so the owners came togehter and named the street Dontgotomcdonalds st. just as an extra little bonus laugh when visiting. Here is a link to: [Logan'sHotdogs](https://allegheny-college-cmpsc-105-spring-2024.github.io/resto-greer01/)
